welcome back to movie reviews today i
will show you a thriller horror film
from 2010 titled i spit on your grave
spoilers ahead
watch out and take care
the film begins with jennifer hill
driving to a shop to pick up the keys to
a cabin she has rented for a few months
and to get directions
she is going to the cabin in the woods
down south in an unnamed deep south
state to write her second novel on her
way to the cabin she gets lost and pulls
into a gas station where she encounters
a group of grease heads
she accidentally spills some fluid on
the head of the group johnny and hits
the panic button on her car scaring him
the other guys make fun of him for
getting scared jennifer drives off into
the gravel road to the cabin
she gets to the cabin and begins to
unpack her things including a notebook
and pen to write a book while she's on
the phone with her friend she hears a
strange noise coming from the shed and
checks it out she sees nothing so she
goes back to her porch later while
washing out her shirt which she spilled
wine on somebody's recording her but she
doesn't notice
the next day while she's jogging she
sees an abandoned cabin which she
decides to check out and finds tools and
old bottles and cans her first visitor
is matthew a local simpleton handyman
who is sent to the cabin to fix the
broken toilet his reward is a kiss from
jennifer and the shy matthew runs out of
the cabin he later meets up with the
group and the guys begin to talk about
jennifer they have a thing against fancy
city girls who are too good for them
nightfall comes and jennifer begins to
hear noises around the house
she checks and finds nothing
but jennifer's fears are realized when
the gang from the gas station arrives at
the cabin to get matthew laid after they
mess with her making her perform
fellatio on bottles and a gun she is
able to escape the cabin and runs off
into the woods
she bumps into the sheriff and earl the
old man she rented the cabin from
the sheriff tells earl to stay put while
he brings jennifer back to the cabin
acting like he is going to help her he
finds wine in a joint and begins to
interrogate her after an improper pat
down the boys come through the door and
she realizes that they are in cahoots
they hold her down so matthew can take
advantage of her after he is done she
just gets up and walks out the cabin and
into the woods
she is confronted by the gang again this
time they each have a turn with her the
sheriff takes advantage of her then she
gets up again and walks out of the woods
and onto a bridge just when the sheriff
is going to shoot her jennifer jumps
into the river the gang searches for her
body but have no luck finding her and
begin to get rid of any evidence left
behind
a month passes and jennifer returns
she starts playing games with a group
who all think matthew has lost it when
they start to find signs of jennifer
around that appear to be left as a sign
of the crime jennifer's first victim is
matthew the slowest of the bunch who has
a crush on her and is the only one that
feels remorse for his actions she
finally reveals herself to him in a
cabinet and invites him to sit on a
couch next to her he sobs and says he's
sorry repeatedly as he clings to her
waist and lies next to her she listens
for a time then pulls a noose tight
around his neck
as he struggles for air and again says
he's sorry her face crumples and she
says that's not good enough then drags
him outside by the rope her second and
third victims are the group's two
lackeys stanley the fat one steps in a
bear trap and andy who gets knocked out
with a baseball bat jennifer uses fish
hooks to keep stanley's eyes open while
she pulls out a fish and guts it and
spreads the guts all over his face
this is all being recorded on his camera
the same camera he used to film her
being taken advantage of the fish guts
attracts crows who begin to peck on his
face and eventually his eyeballs andy is
tied up lying on a few boards over a
bathtub being filled with water jennifer
throws in some law and removes one of
the boards forcing him to use his
strength to stay out of the base
eventually his face hits the base filled
bathtub
each time he pulls himself up we see his
base burned face with his tongue
dissolved the next day jennifer goes to
the local gas station where she attacks
and knocks out johnny and brings him
back to her cabin
there she strings johnny up by his
wrists to the ceiling of the cabin
strips all the clothes off him and
begins to pull out his teeth one by one
with pliers then she pulls out the hedge
clippers and cuts off his penis and
sticks it in his mouth leaving him to
bleed to death
after jennifer is done with johnny she
goes to visit the sheriff's family
pretending to be his daughter's school
teacher she talks to him on the phone
the sheriff races home to find jennifer
is no longer there
he finds out she has taken his daughter
to the playground
the sheriff races there to find no one
except jennifer in the backseat of his
cop car
after the sheriff wakes up jennifer
talks about how nice his daughter seems
and ignores fora while his entreaties
not to hurt her shoving a rifle barrel
inside him as she tells him to imagine
someone hurting his daughter the way
they all hurt her
when he finally says she's an innocent
girl she kneels beside him and says so
was i
she then reveals she attached a string
to the trigger and the other end has
been tied around the unconscious
matthew's wrist
she walks out of the cabin with the
sheriff shouting for help and cursing
her out at the same time then matthew
wakes up and in spite of a failed
attempt by the sheriff to calm matthew
down matthew moves firing the shotgun
killing both the sheriff and matthew the
calm and still jennifer is then seen
sitting on a tree trunk outside the
cabin slowly smiling when she hears the
shot and realizes they're all finished
make sure to subscribe and turn on post
notifications so you can watch more
videos like this
thanks for watching